Betray your comrades
Betray your mentor
Endangering one's own country
Kill your own countrymen
Deserves death now
It's not going to end well.
The Queen is right
I deserve to die
It's a pity that you are now our subordinate clan
Your life and death can be determined at a glance
I can't see myself.
Miss Lin is right
You heroes have an old saying called
Take martial arts practitioners as heroes
Miss Lin is such a handsome person
We apply for the mother and daughter queen.
I just hope that the queen mother and daughter can leave the dark and turn to the light
reform
As long as we join hands
Xuankou wine is a little deep
The same reason and cooperation are not afraid of big things
Haha, you deserve to cooperate with you.
The wooden queen doesn't have to rush to refuse
I have a way
Let you obediently save your life
This first product is the poison of our Vo cheats
The Red Queen of Mountain Wing should be no stranger to him, right?
Your daughter is poisoned
Without my antidote
Your daughter will burn within 200 million
He festered and died.
Hahaha
What about the three-person red antidote?
Enter the second bottle
It's the antidote to a pot of incense
As long as Queen Mu agrees to take a photo with Ben Taijun
Listen to Ben Taijun's orders
I immediately sent someone to the red dust
Give your daughter the antidote
You are threatening me
This third bottle of medicine is called the mouth of the mandarin duck
Just take the medicine
It makes you hot.
Can't stop
Should the queen be rescued?
Hahahaha
I promise the Queen will die within three days
Will become my slave
Be obedient to me
obey